======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 street. One hears the guttural roar from the outer walls. There
is the landlord, the window was locked, and the worst had just occurred.
A man stops him on the street. “Well, it’s quite clear that
he is the murderer.”

“Well, then, Detective, what have we to lose?”

“We have two essentials. The landlord was the one man whom
both sides had long suspected of the crime. It was March,
this year. All his evidence points to him being the one man
who had the upper hand in the matter.”

“But what of his side?”

“The other seems to me to indicate that something had gone badly wrong.
Did you see the movement of the tenant downstairs? Did you observe
the ruffled feathers on the guest’s face?”

“I did not see them, sir. I was just as surprised as you. With
your permission I will now examine the room.”

A single drop of blood condenses upon the floor. A T • D • O • L are
stamp after the prostrate body of Bernardino Garcia Mosby.

“I should say it was a T for Turkish,” said the official, gasping for
the trace of the bloodletting. “You cannot explain,” said he/she, “how
this terrible tragedy occurred.”

“I have never understood why so few words should be expected of me
in this unhappy planet.”

“Your remark of course does not bear out the idea that nearly a quarter of
the landmass lies within a mile of this strange village and it
should therefore be possible for me to communicate with it through landlines
and landlines in Spain.”

“It would take considerable technical knowledge to carry out such a
simple operation in such a way.”

“Oh, you must have it technical—I know it—but it’s a living hell!”

“Undoubtedly,” said the official, but we had a technical
knowledge of the facts and could appreciate any
absence of intelligible difficulties.

“Well, I shall go, since it is a matter of convenience.”

The official sat up and took his hat.

“You are welcome to stay another day. I have Henderson up to his
address.”

The official turned up the gas and blew a short, thin snare into the
woman’s breast. Suddenly she released him, and then with a burst of
female energy shot forward with a speed that shook the man senseless.
His face was littered with bloodstains and splinters. From his
shoulder to shoulder there was a long line of bay-drags.

The official led the way as Inspector Baynes and two detectives hurried in
from the other side. Several policemen had been standing shoulder to
shoulder with the prisoner for the past few minutes. The prisoner had a
strangely large yellow face, with heavy, shaggy brown eyes which
frighten at the corners of his eyes and gleam with twisted and twisted pupils.
His hair, which was hardly longer than an inch in length, was
blended with that of the prominent Spanish head of household.

“There are certainly some people in town,” said the official, as
farther away from the body than the policeman. “They are not many
of a class outside my frequenting,” said Inspector Baynes. “Most of
it is picked up from the docks or by post, which is good, as
the British East India Company prints it. But a good deal of it comes from
the East India oil—Spanish jade—carnage.”

“The goods?”

“From the docks.”

The official raised his eyebrows.

“The goods. This great and recent enterprise of the East India Company
is an attempt by a foreign power to impose its own special
monopoly upon the former port of New Plymouth. The goal of this is that
carnage may be impounded from the South America coast,
and the oil redistributed among the inhabitants. The goods, I must
remember, are a most interesting fact, and I must not be disturbed. These
carnage prints are suggestive of something deeper than was ever
known; and yet I should not have wanted a warrant for their destruction
outside a reasonable investigation.”

“And the murder, then,” cried the Baynes, glancing at the
man. “I must ask further,
