======== SAMPLE 1 ========

“What about the
packages?”

“I can tell by the movements of the servants that they are passing
packages.”

“The agents?”

“They are in it with the girl. She is moving from room to
room. The agent is picking up the movements of the servant or someone
close to him.”

The unknown person had a small watch in her hand. I traced it back to the
table. The object of the establishment? To watch the agent on the move?
Yes, in some way, my investigation has convinced me that it is
actually the house of the deceased.”

“Exactly,” said Holmes.

“Take that, Mrs. Warren. Keep on moving. The situation grows tense. He may be
coming to. Meanwhile we are at the police trial. The affair
became public knowledge. The country was shocked. It was scandalous—impossible.
We had thought that if the girl had given any sign she had
gone to any great lengths to conceal it. But we had not yet been
clear as to what had become of the girl. She had apparently fallen out of the
telegram. We had thought that the doctor, who was on hand to care for
the girl, might naturally come round to the idea that she was in
incarceration.”

“But why would she fall out of the service?”

“That is certainly a question which can be answered in detail, Watson. We
frightled to this extent and sensitivity. The effect of the episode
had been very terrible. It left her with convulsions upon the
shoulder, with her cheeks, and with the eyelids of horses. Her
husband had thrown his baggage about in the exercise of his
countryman class, and there was a great deal to this effect. He
had a chief dwelling place in Scotland Yard, and also a number one
storey at Whitechapel. He would dispose of the missing woman in an
assigned area, which would take up about three months. There was a deputy
master in that deputy shop, too. There was also a senior clerk in that
sergeant. All went on in a single van. This deputy had to carry the
woman off? ‘Yes, that would be absolutely necessary. She would
have to be here by Monday.’ How, then, can the missing woman be found?
We will examine that question further, Mr. Roundhay.”

The future Earl of Montgarnham gazed with growing apprehension at the
listless scene on the mantelpiece. The carpet had been pulled down, and a
coat and tie had been hung from the top. The blind was down, but the
coat and tie were unholstered. The blind was evened out, and the
grip was now held up in the proper way. Would that the soul of
the woman who had been the last to pass the door had
passed into the service? That was my whole whole future, my
Poles—whatever happens, friends!”

A silence hung in the darkness, followed by the sound of a heavy step, followed by a
step ‎long gone but not forgotten. Then a sudden chill shot through the
tickets of the ears, followed by a long sinking and a sudden
strikes of thunder. The door of the car was open, but the window
pocket saw only a monogrammed and printed "R.P. Lovecraft V1A." IN THE
SIDE

“A strange name is waiting for your notice,” said Lestrade when we had
returned to Mrs. Warren’s cottage.

“Oh, that did it at last. It is doing quite so. Now it will be
much obliged if we can put up a quick report.”


A small but well-kept house in the outskirts of town, it seemed to us, fitted the
marker. The ironwork had come out, the stoop had stopped, and a
clutch had been applied slight‑softly, to favouritism. The
woman had fidgeted in this particular chair, and at first she seemed to
belong to some subordinate class. When we had coaxed her out she
ided by some inasiveness; and as she is now quite comfortable she
has gone. We had seen her in the advertisements, seen her in the
charities; she is the sole cook in the house. She pays the rent
well, in large measure by indebtedness. She is an old woman, and of
European descent—as foreign as the African devil—yet a very
young and beautiful woman. She has, in some ways, the
