======== SAMPLE 1 ========

says the judge, that when he examined Garcia’s
honest-to-goodness bonds he found a man entirely trustworthy,
and a woman entirely slack-backed. So harsh was his grip upon
my grip that when the judge told me that Garcia was moving in
the right orders about once a fortnight the inspector was struck at the
terrible news.

“I tell you, Mr. Gregson,” said the judge, “that when a prisoner
departs a whole party must go out to dinner on the same night—some
of them even more so than before, after all.”

“Then Garcia must have gone to the office.”

“Then he must have gone to the office with the intention of
attending to some mission.”

“That would explain his sudden and deadly departure, would it not. It
would also show the true character of the papers, and would
have given a clear indication of his plans.”

“But why should a warrant be required to search the house?”

“Well, sir, there is the point. Why should a warrant be required to search
the house? Obviously, then, that the head of State be at the
territory. And yet would there be a warrant at all?”

“Nay; the family would be in London immediately. It is a small country
and a great danger, so it is taken as being left behind.”

“Nothing new in the world, Holmes,” said the secretary. “Nothing
more to add. But still, why should a warrant be required to search
the house?”

“Well, sir, there is the problem which we have to solve. The plans
which the Cadogan West agents have brought with them to London have
been dispatched by some of the Chinese. Presumably they have intercepted
these plans and plans have been dispatched by someone other than
the agent?”

“It would appear to me,” said Holmes, staring with great curiosity at the
figures upon the children’s faces, “and the enormous estate which the
agent of fortune would bring with him if he or she wished to avoid
the detection of any foreign power, than it would appear to us to be
either a most unlikely and undesirable affair, and that his
intimate family might be living there with them, totally harmless,
with their own agents?”

“Exactly; we can understand, Mr. Holmes, so far as this problem goes.• ‘Nothing more to add,’
Sterndale, we have failed miserably in our task. Now we may
set the missing persons adrift. Let us think of something more suitable.
Lestrade, should we be detected, reported to Woolwich
agent, Arthur Cadogan West.”

They sat together in the gloomy and often dark house in which the
Fortune Round table was framed. The agent of fortune was a
bachelor, active at Gloucester by the name of George, and a frequent visitor to
Woolwich. He had made inquiries into my household, and as
I said in my telegram to him afterwards that he had made no
effort to find me, he had considerable news to make over the
villain.

“We fear, Mr. Holmes, that it may be the charms of your august
house which are the more likely culprits. There is a good deal that is
irrelevant in the matter, and it may well be that some part of it
has already been told to me. You can imagine that at the present moment
nothing
of mine is in your office.”

“But this case leads straight to the conclusion that it belongs to the
other end.”

“Of course not. There is certainly a fair amount of material out of which
I have come. There is also one more point which may interest you.
In that there is some writing upon a lamp-dust-pan, but no
writing upon a door-step. I have no desire to write in the
present state, but I may at once put the matter into my notebook
and explain what has become of the positive success of my
advice. These days, therefore, I take the lead in the matter. Thank you,
Watson, you have added a great deal to the value of this valuable
object. Now, in the light of the foregoing, I should be
humorous in my congratulations, but I beg you to be humble in your
prodigious questions. Let me offer you an example. This morning, while I was
waiting downstairs at Baker Street, waiting for letters to
