======== SAMPLE 1 ========
may was not a
simple case of mistaken identity, but rather a case in which the
police had been on the alert with the ready access of a senior
staffiff. It was a complex affair that involved the
English coast guard, the village learned the tragic truth about the
Holland family, and the confidential police certificate was obtained.

An extraordinary incident occurred during the night of August
th. Mr. Mortimer Tregennis, of Wisteria Lodge, was sitting cross-legged
with his back to the fire and a smile of complete
disappointment upon his face. He had been asked by his employer if he
had called. He said that he had not said so out of any fear that he
might precipitate a conspiracy. Instantly he was joined by his two
charred-white goatees, whose fierce faces stood ready for battle,
and his massive bootleggers, whose fierce-looking heads stood ready for
a frontal assault. A few of these were blown to pieces far greater than
their
body(s) before they were accessible. Mortimer Tregennis stood with his back against the
fire, his face bloodshot with the fury of a furious man. He
crouched in the fetal position, threw his body from chair to
chair, and with a violent effort obeyed orders of his own. As he did
so he took his fallen master's arm from his armchair, and with a quick movement
of his hand he threw it open wide, while seated himself on the
downy sofa.

“This is not my place to prevent false starts,” said he. “To let you
down by jumping on them! That is perfectly legal. But when you have
been in trouble you have no longer the same feeling of danger as
when you came off. It is now your turn to be followed. When you have
been out all these things you have not got your nerve? You must be
amused at the sudden and sharp change which has come to your family.”

“And your great-grandchild?”

“Well, well, we take it. There is nothing to avoid. It is
perjury that I do not understand.”

“Selling poison to a child.”

“poisoning a child. I see you have no relation to the tragic Mr.
Downs’ character of your books.”

“Oh, he was only over seven when he called.”

“Now his name is Sidney Johnson.”

“Well, well,” said Holmes. “Do you mean to say that any
other man had any other name?”

“No, I mean that you came from a terrible and unspeakable
abuse.”

“Of my first impression,” said he, “is that very reasonableness of your
informed colleagues.”

“Exactly!” said Coombs. “They’ll find him as an
exception rather than the rule. The habitual offenders
of this class are carefully watched and kept in a
very careful watch. It is essential that they are kept in. This
ordinary citizen of Chicago should
be particularly watchful. Motive: to escape punishment for
having a certain quantity of opium in a public place.
Seduction: to escape punishment. Posse out—murder!—take the others aboard
and hold them prisoner in a gloomy cell. It is a rough
apparatus, and it is quite possible that we may find one of the
convicts in it. Then we’ll put the case to the jury.”

“You’ll tell them exactly how you found it,” said Holmes.

“We’ll make a fresh attempt here,” said Bork. “If we don’t get through the
cliffs we’ll fry ourselves.”

“Oh, that’s a very good reason.”

“We’ll tidy it up, then. I suggest the same procedure has
been done before us. You know, myself included, I don’t see how
that is possible.  When I think of it, however, I’m not too
excited—I’m not too carried away. I mean, you know, it’s
old, young man, it cuts a very cold case, and you have got to think
bigly. How you deal with it, Watson, I don’t know. You need a
strong, big, black individual to handle it.”

“I don
